README.md, before:

# SlashSnip

A Chromium browser extension for text template expansion. Define templates with trigger shortcuts (e.g., `/fg`, `::email`) that expand into full text with support for dynamic placeholders.

## Features

- **Custom Triggers**: Define any trigger pattern like `/sig`, `::addr`, or `//todo`
- **Dynamic Placeholders**: Insert clipboard content, dates, user input, and more
- **Tab Stops**: Navigate through multiple fields after expansion
- **Organize Templates**: Group templates into categories for easy management
- **Import/Export**: Backup and restore your templates as JSON
- **Privacy-First**: All data stored locally, no external servers

## Placeholders

| Placeholder                | Description                             |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `<clipboard>`              | Insert clipboard content                |
| `<selection>`              | Insert selected text                    |
| `<date:FORMAT>`            | Insert date (e.g., `<date:YYYY-MM-DD>`) |
| `<time:FORMAT>`            | Insert time (e.g., `<time:HH:mm>`)      |
| `<cursor>`                 | Position cursor after expansion         |
| `<input:Label>`            | Prompt for user input                   |
| `<input:Label:default>`    | Input with default value                |
| `<select:Label:opt1,opt2>` | Dropdown selection                      |
| `<tab:N>`                  | Tab stop for field navigation           |

Text transforms available: `:upper`, `:lower`, `:capitalize`, `:title`

## Installation

### From Source

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies: `pnpm install`
3. Build the extension: `pnpm build`
4. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`
5. Enable "Developer mode"
6. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist/` folder

### From Chrome Web Store

Coming soon.

## Usage

1. Click the extension icon or press `Alt+S` to open the options page
2. Create a new template with a trigger (e.g., `/hello`) and content
3. In any text field, type your trigger followed by Space/Tab/Enter
4. The trigger expands into your template content

## Development

```bash
pnpm dev          # Start dev server with HMR
pnpm build        # Production build
pnpm typecheck    # Type check
pnpm lint         # Lint code
pnpm test         # Run tests
```

## Architecture

SlashSnip follows Domain-Driven Design with clean architecture:

```
src/
├── domain/         # Core business logic
├── application/    # Use cases
├── infrastructure/ # Chrome APIs, storage
├── presentation/   # UI (React), content script, background worker
└── shared/         # Utilities, types, constants
```

## Privacy

SlashSnip stores all data locally on your device. No data is collected, transmitted, or shared. See [PRIVACY.md](PRIVACY.md) for details.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add Chrome Web Store link and remove unused keyboard shortcut
Add Web Store badge and install link to README now that the extension
is published. Remove the unused commands infrastructure and keyboard
shortcut (Alt+S) that was previously configured for opening the popup.

README.md, after:

# SlashSnip

[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/dfkgkphjpoaehkdpfbnmngbeoaaikjll)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/slashsnip/dfkgkphjpoaehkdpfbnmngbeoaaikjll)

A Chromium browser extension for text template expansion. Define templates with trigger shortcuts (e.g., `/fg`, `::email`) that expand into full text with support for dynamic placeholders.

## Features

- **Custom Triggers**: Define any trigger pattern like `/sig`, `::addr`, or `//todo`
- **Dynamic Placeholders**: Insert clipboard content, dates, user input, and more
- **Tab Stops**: Navigate through multiple fields after expansion
- **Organize Templates**: Group templates into categories for easy management
- **Import/Export**: Backup and restore your templates as JSON
- **Privacy-First**: All data stored locally, no external servers

## Placeholders

| Placeholder                | Description                             |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `<clipboard>`              | Insert clipboard content                |
| `<selection>`              | Insert selected text                    |
| `<date:FORMAT>`            | Insert date (e.g., `<date:YYYY-MM-DD>`) |
| `<time:FORMAT>`            | Insert time (e.g., `<time:HH:mm>`)      |
| `<cursor>`                 | Position cursor after expansion         |
| `<input:Label>`            | Prompt for user input                   |
| `<input:Label:default>`    | Input with default value                |
| `<select:Label:opt1,opt2>` | Dropdown selection                      |
| `<tab:N>`                  | Tab stop for field navigation           |

Text transforms available: `:upper`, `:lower`, `:capitalize`, `:title`

## Installation

### From Source

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies: `pnpm install`
3. Build the extension: `pnpm build`
4. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`
5. Enable "Developer mode"
6. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist/` folder

### From Chrome Web Store

[Install SlashSnip](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/slashsnip/dfkgkphjpoaehkdpfbnmngbeoaaikjll) from the Chrome Web Store.

## Usage

1. Click the extension icon or press `Alt+S` to open the options page
2. Create a new template with a trigger (e.g., `/hello`) and content
3. In any text field, type your trigger followed by Space/Tab/Enter
4. The trigger expands into your template content

## Development

```bash
pnpm dev          # Start dev server with HMR
pnpm build        # Production build
pnpm typecheck    # Type check
pnpm lint         # Lint code
pnpm test         # Run tests
```

## Architecture

SlashSnip follows Domain-Driven Design with clean architecture:

```
src/
├── domain/         # Core business logic
├── application/    # Use cases
├── infrastructure/ # Chrome APIs, storage
├── presentation/   # UI (React), content script, background worker
└── shared/         # Utilities, types, constants
```

## Privacy

SlashSnip stores all data locally on your device. No data is collected, transmitted, or shared. See [PRIVACY.md](PRIVACY.md) for details.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
